# 4.4.0

**New /\_ view command** The view command for starboards, overrides, autostar channels, and permroles has been improved. Now you can switch between your starboards using a drop-down menu, instead of running the command for each starboard.

The commands for viewing xproles and posroles have also been converted to paginators.

**Empty embeds** I didn't realize this, but embeds are valid as long as it has the author set. Since starboard embeds do, I removed the "file only" notice for embeds that don't have descriptions.

**Changed some limits**

* required: 1 to 500 -> 1 to 10,000
* required-remove: -500 to 490 -> -10,000 to 9,999
* post update cooldown: 2/10s -> 4/10s
* the autostar cooldown is now guild-wide instead of per-channel

**Changed some premium limits**

* starboards: 10 -> 20
* starboard emojis: 10-> 20
* autostar channels: 10 -> 50
* autostar emojis: 10 -> 20
* regex length: 100 chars -> 1,000 chars
* added a premium autostar cooldown of 100 messages per 10 seconds

**A note on limits** Limits are often arbitrary, numbers I just come up with them because I have to. If you ever hit a limit (other than the free starboard/autostar channel/emojis limit) that feels unreasonable, feel free to suggest a new one to me.

**Bugfixes**

* Made it so the xp-multiplier can be numbers other than 10 (facepalm)
* Update premium locks when premium is redeemed and when asc/sb are deleted. Note that you can always run `/premium-locks refresh` to force them to update.

**Backend changes**

* Removed the TTL from caches, as the new cache doesn't benefit from it
